All Forms | USCIS Skip to main content An official website of the United States government Here's how you know Official websites use .gov A .gov website belongs to an official government organization in the United States. Secure .gov websites use HTTPS A lock ( A locked padlock ) or https:// means you've safely connected to the .gov website. Share sensitive information only on official, secure websites. Español Multilingual Resources Sign In Access USCIS online services. Sign In Create Account Menu Sign In Create Account Topics Topics Family Family of Green Card Holders (Permanent Residents) Family of Refugees and Asylees Family of U.S. Citizens Adoption Before You Start Immigration through Adoption Military Citizenship for Military Family Members Naturalization Through Military Service Humanitarian Humanitarian Parole Refugees and Asylum Temporary Protected Status Visit the U.S. Change My Nonimmigrant Status Extend Your Stay Working in the United States Permanent Workers Temporary (Nonimmigrant) Workers E-Verify I-9 Central Avoid Scams Common Scams Find Legal Services Report Immigration Scams Careers at USCIS Career Opportunities Special Hiring Programs Forms Forms Most Accessed Forms I-9, Employment Eligibility Verification I-485, Application to Register Permanent Residence or Adjust Status I-765, Application for Employment Authorization I-90, Application to Replace Permanent Resident Card (Green Card) N-400, Application for Naturalization Family Based Forms I-129F, Petition for Alien Fiancé(e) I-130, Petition for Alien Relative I-360, Petition for Amerasian, Widow(er), or Special Immigrant I-600, Petition to Classify Orphan as an Immediate Relative I-751, Petition to Remove Conditions on Residence All Forms File Online Employment Based Forms I-129, Petition for a Nonimmigrant Worker I-140, Immigrant Petition for Alien Workers I-526, Immigrant Petition by Standalone Investor I-539, Application to Extend/Change Nonimmigrant Status Humanitarian Based Forms I-589, Application for Asylum and for Withholding of Removal I-730, Refugee/Asylee Relative Petition I-821, Application for Temporary Protected Status Newsroom Newsroom All News Alerts Fact Sheets News Releases Media Contacts Multimedia Gallery Social Media Directory Speeches, Statements, Testimony Citizenship Citizenship Learners Apply for Citizenship Learn About Citizenship Naturalization Test and Study Resources Educators Educational Products for Educators Resources for Educational Programs Teacher Training Sessions Organizations Outreach Tools Naturalization-Related Data and Statistics Grants Success Stories from Grant Recipients Green Card Green Card Green Card Processes and Procedures Adjustment of Status After We Grant Your Green Card Employment Authorization Document Visa Availability and Priority Dates Green Card Eligibility Categories How to Apply for a Green Card Replace Your Green Card While Your Green Card Application Is Pending with USCIS Laws Laws Legislation Immigration and Nationality Act Class Action, Settlement Notices and Agreements Unlawful Presence and Inadmissibility Policy Manual Regulations Administrative Appeals Tools Tools Alien Registration Requirement Self-Help Tools Check Case Processing Times Case Status Online Change of Address E-Request Password Resets and Technical Support Website Resources Archive A-Z Index Website Policies Additional Resources Explore my Options Immigration and Citizenship Data Multilingual Resource Center USCIS Tools and Resources Contact us Multilingual Resources Main navigation Skip to main content Forms All Forms Explore my Options Filing Guidance Five Steps to File at the USCIS Lockbox Tips for Filing Forms by Mail Expedite Requests Preparing for Your Biometric Services Appointment How to Change Your Address How to Track Delivery of Your Notice or Secure Identity Document (or Card) Paperwork Reduction Act Filing Fees Fee Calculator Fee Schedule Frequently Asked Questions on the USCIS Fee Rule USCIS Immigrant Fee USCIS Immigrant Fee Payment Guide How to Pay the USCIS Immigrant Fee Identity Verification and the USCIS Immigrant Fee Tips on Finding Your A-Number and DOS Case ID Forms Processed at a USCIS Lockbox Poverty Guidelines Fee Waiver Guidance Additional Information on Filing a Reduced Fee Request Pay With a Credit Card by Mail Forms Updates Lockbox and Service Center Filing Location Updates Department of State (DS) Forms and Other Non-USCIS Forms Breadcrumb Home Forms All Forms All Forms Search all USCIS forms. File your form online for a more convenient and secure experience. For forms available only in paper, select the Form Details button to download the form and instructions. USCIS forms and USCIS online accounts are always free. FBI Privacy Notice USCIS may use your biometrics to obtain the criminal history records of the Federal Bureau of Investigation (FBI), for identity verification, to determine eligibility, to create immigration documents (for example, Permanent Resident Card, Employment Authorization Document), or any purpose authorized by the Immigration and Nationality Act, as amended and any other applicable statute. You may obtain a copy of your own FBI record using the procedures outlined at 28 CFR 16.30-16.34. For more information, please visit: www.fbi.gov/how-we-can-help-you/more-fbi-services-and-information/compact-council/guiding-principles-noncriminal-justice-applicants-privacy-rights . For information regarding how the FBI will use your fingerprints, please visit www.fbi.gov/how-we-can-help-you/more-fbi-services-and-information/compact-council/privacy-act-statement . Filter by category Filter by category Forms Adoptions-Based Forms Citizenship and Naturalization-Based  Forms Employment-Based Forms Family-Based Forms Green Card-Based Forms Humanitarian Benefits-Based Forms Show forms available to file online first. Asc Show forms available to file online first. Desc Search by content Show forms available to file online first. AR-11 | Alien’s Change of Address Card All aliens in the United States must report a change of address to USCIS within 10 days (except A and G visa holders and visa waiver visitors) of moving. File Online Form Details EOIR-29 | Notice of Appeal to the Board of Immigration Appeals from a Decision of a DHS Officer Use this form to appeal a USCIS decision on a Form I-130 or Form I-360 Widow(er). Form Details G-28 | Notice of Entry of Appearance as Attorney or Accredited Representative Use this form to provide information about your eligibility to act on behalf of an applicant, petitioner, or respondent. Form Details G-28I | Notice of Entry of Appearance as Attorney in Matters Outside the Geographical Confines of the United States Use this form to provide notice that an attorney admitted to practice of the law in a country other than the United States seeks to appear before DHS in a matter outside the geographical confines of the United States. Form Details G-325A | Biographic Information (for Deferred Action) Use this form to provide biographic information when submitting a request for deferred action for certain military service members and their family members, or non-military deferred action (other than deferred action based on Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals (DACA), Violence Against Women Act A-3, G-5 nonimmigrants , and T and U nonimmigrant visas). Form Details G-325R | Biographic Information (Registration) Use this form to provide biographic information when applying for registration and fingerprinting under section 262 of the Immigration and Nationality Act (INA) (8 U.S.C. 1302). File Online Form Details G-639 | Freedom of Information/Privacy Act and Online FOIA Request Use our online FOIA system to request: Your own immigration record, Another person’s immigration record, or Non-A-File information such as policies, data, or communications. File Online Form Details G-845 | Verification Request Use this form to verify the immigration status of applications for federal, state, or local public benefits and licenses. Form Details G-845 Supplement | Verification Request Use this form to request detailed information on an individual’s immigration status, citizenship, and sponsorship. Form Details G-884 | Request for the Return of Original Documents Use this form to request the return of original documents submitted to establish eligibility for an immigration benefit. Form Details G-1041 | Genealogy Index Search Request Use Form G-1041 to request a search of USCIS historical indices. (To obtain copies of USCIS historical records, use Form G-1041A, Genealogy Records Request.) Form Details G-1041A | Genealogy Records Request Use Form G-1041A to obtain copies of USCIS historical records. (To request an index search of USCIS historical records, use Form G-1041, Genealogy Index Search Request.) Form Details G-1055 | Fee Schedule Use this form to verify fee information for immigration forms. Form Details G-1145 | E-Notification of Application/Petition Acceptance Use this form to request a text message and/or email when USCIS accepts your form. Form Details G-1256 | Declaration for Interpreted USCIS Interview The interviewing officer uses this form to: Record the presence of  an interpreter that you have provided for your USCIS interview; Document your satisfaction with the interpreter’s ability to interpret from English to your language, and from your language to English; Acknowledge that your interpreter may learn confidential information during your interview;  
Ensure the interpreter understands the requirements to serve as an interpreter, which includes accurately, literally, and fully interpreting for both you and the interviewing officer; and Notify you that the interviewing officer can deny permission for the interpreter to participate in the interview Form Details G-1450 | Authorization for Credit Card Transactions Use this form to pay fees for any form processed at a USCIS lockbox. There is no additional fee to pay with your credit card. Form Details G-1566 | Request for Certificate of Non-Existence Use Form G-1566 to determine if specific immigration records exist within our database. If we determine the records you inquired about do not exist, we will issue a Certificate of Non-Existence. Form Details I-9 | Employment Eligibility Verification Use Form I-9 to verify the identity and employment authorization of individuals hired for employment in the United States. Form Details I-90 | Application to Replace Permanent Resident Card (Green Card) Use this form to replace your Permanent Resident Card (also known as your Green Card). File Online Form Details I-102 | Application for Replacement/Initial Nonimmigrant Arrival-Departure Document Use this form if you are a nonimmigrant and need to apply for a new or replacement Form I-94 or I-95, Nonimmigrant Arrival-Departure Document. Form Details I-129 | Petition for a Nonimmigrant Worker Petitioners use this form to file on behalf of a nonimmigrant worker to come to the United States temporarily to perform services or labor, or to receive training, as an H-1B, H-2A, H-2B, H-3, L-1, O-1, O-2, P-1, P-1S, P-2, P-2S, P-3, P-3S, Q-1 or R-1 nonimmigrant worker. Petitioners may also use this form to request an extension of stay in or change of status to E-1, E-2, E-3, H-1B1 or TN, or one of the above classifications for an alien. File Online Form Details I-129CW | Petition for a CNMI-Only Nonimmigrant Transitional Worker An employer uses this form to petition U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services (USCIS) for an alien who is ineligible for another employment-based nonimmigrant classification to work as a nonimmigrant in the Commonwealth of the Northern Mariana Islands (CNMI) temporarily as a CW-1, CNMI-Only Transitional Worker. Form Details I-129CWR | Semiannual Report for CW-1 Employers An employer of an approved Form I-129CW, Petition for Commonwealth of Northern Mariana Islands (CNMI) Only Transitional Worker (CW-1), uses Form I-129CWR to verify the continued employment and payment of each worker under the terms and conditions of the approved petition. Form Details I-129F | Petition for Alien Fiancé(e) Use this form to petition to bring your fiancé(e) (K-1) and their children (K-2) to the U.S. so you may marry your fiancé(e), or to bring your spouse (K-3) and their children (K-4) to the U.S. to apply for lawful permanent resident status. Form Details I-129S | Nonimmigrant Petition Based on Blanket L Petition Use this form to classify alien employees as L-1 nonimmigrant intracompany transferees (executives, managers, or specialized knowledge professionals) under a previously approved blanket L petition. Form Details I-130 | Petition for Alien Relative Use this form if you (the petitioner) are a U.S. citizen, lawful permanent resident, or U.S. national and you need to establish your qualifying relationship with an eligible relative (the beneficiary) who wishes to come to or stay in the United States permanently and apply for the Permanent Resident Card (also called a Green Card). File Online Form Details I-131 | Application for Travel Documents, Parole Documents, and Arrival/Departure Records Use this form to apply for travel documents, parole documents, or arrival/departure records. File Online Form Details I-131A | Application for Carrier Documentation Use this form if you are a lawful permanent resident (LPR), including an LPR with conditions, and wish to apply for a travel document (carrier documentation) that allows you to board an airline or other transportation carrier without the airline or transportation carrier being penalized. Pay Online Form Details I-134 | Declaration of Financial Support Use this form to agree to provide financial support to a beneficiary of certain immigration benefits for the duration of their temporary stay in the United States.  You must file a separate Form I-134 for each beneficiary. Form Details I-140 | Immigrant Petition for Alien Workers Use this form to petition for an alien worker to become a permanent resident in the United States. Form Details I-191 | Application for Relief Under Former Section 212(c) of the Immigration and Nationality Act (INA) Use this form if you are a lawful permanent resident and wish to file for relief under former INA section 212(c). Form Details I-192 | Application for Advance Permission to Enter as a Nonimmigrant Use this form if you want to apply for advance permission to temporarily enter the United States and you are an: Inadmissible nonimmigrant and already have the appropriate documents; or Applicant for T or U nonimmigrant status. Form Details I-193 | Application for Waiver of Passport and/or Visa For an alien who is a legal resident of the United States to reenter the United States without the alien's passport and/or visa. Form Details I-212 | Application for Permission to Reapply for Admission into the United States After Deportation or Removal If you are inadmissible under sections 212(a)(9)(A) or (C) of the Immigration and Nationality Act (INA), use this form to ask for consent to reapply for admission to the United States so you can lawfully return to the United States. Form Details I-290B | Notice of Appeal or Motion Use this form to file:

An appeal with the Administrative Appeals Office (AAO); 
A motion with the USCIS office that issued the latest decision in your case (including a field office, service center, or the AAO); or
Certain appeals of the denial of an Immigration and Customs Enforcement (ICE) Form I-17, “Petition for Approval of School for Attendance by Nonimmigrant Student” with the ICE Student and Exchange Visitor Program. Form Details I-356 | Request for Cancellation of Public Charge Bond This form should be used to request cancellation of a public charge bond that was submitted on behalf of an alien on Form I-945, Public Charge Bond. Form Details I-360 | Petition for Amerasian, Widow(er), or Special Immigrant Use this form to classify an alien as:

An Amerasian (Born after 12/31/1950 and before 10/23/1982);
The widow(er) of a U.S. citizen;
Self-petitioning spouse or child of an abusive U.S. citizen or lawful permanent resident;
Self-petitioning  parent of an abusive U.S. citizen; or Form Details I-361 | Affidavit of Financial Support and Intent to Petition for Legal Custody for Public Law 97-359 Amerasian To be filed in support of Form I-360, Petition to Classify Public Law 97-359 Amerasian as the Child, Son, or Daughter of a United States Citizen. Form Details I-363 | Request to Enforce Affidavit of Financial Support and Intent to Petition for Legal Custody for Public Law 97-359 Amerasian If, after admission to the United States, the beneficiary of a petition for a Public Law 97-359 Amerasian requires enforcement of the guarantee of financial support and intent to petition for legal custody, which was executed by the beneficiary's sponsor, the beneficiary may file this form with USCIS. Form Details I-407 | Record of Abandonment of Lawful Permanent Resident Status Use this form to let us know you are voluntarily abandoning your status as a lawful permanent resident (LPR) of the United States. We will update your records to show you are no longer an LPR. Form Details I-485 | Application to Register Permanent Residence or Adjust Status Use this form to apply for lawful permanent resident status if you are in the United States. Form Details I-485 Supplement A | Supplement A to Form I-485, Adjustment of Status Under Section 245(i) Use this form to provide us with additional information if you are requesting to adjust status under section 245(i) of the Immigration and Nationality Act. Form Details I-485 Supplement J | Confirmation of Valid Job Offer or Request for Job Portability Under INA Section 204(j) Use Supplement J to: Confirm that the job offered to you in Form I-140, Immigrant Petition for Alien Workers, remains a bona fide job offer that you intend to accept once we approve your Form I 485, Application to Register Permanent Residence or Adjust Status. If you are filing or have previously filed Form I-485 based on being the beneficiary of a valid Form I-140 in an employment-based immigrant visa category that requires a job offer, you must file Supplement J instead of submitting a job offer letter; or
Request job portability under INA section 204(j) to a new, full-time, permanent job offer that you intend to accept once we approve your Form I-485. This new job offer must be in the same or a similar occupational classification as the job offered to you in the Form I-140 that is the basis of your Form I-485. (For more information about how we determine which jobs are same or similar, please see USCIS Policy Manual [7 USCIS-PM E.5]. Form Details I-508 | Request for Waiver of Certain Rights, Privileges, Exemptions and Immunities Use this form to waive certain diplomatic rights privileges, exemptions, and immunities associated with your occupational status Form Details I-526 | Immigrant Petition by Standalone Investor The form is used by a standalone investor to petition USCIS for status as an immigrant to the United States under section 203(b)(5) of the Immigration and Nationality Act (INA), as amended. Form Details I-526E | Immigrant Petition by Regional Center Investor An investor pooling their investment with one or more qualified immigrants participating in the Regional Center Program uses this form to petition USCIS for status as an immigrant to the United States under section 203(b)(5)(E) of the Immigration and Nationality Act (INA), as amended. Form Details I-539 | Application to Extend/Change Nonimmigrant Status The following groups use this form: Certain nonimmigrants extending their stay or changing to another nonimmigrant status; CNMI residents applying for an initial grant of status; F and M nonimmigrants applying for reinstatement; and, Persons seeking V nonimmigrant status or an extension of stay as a V nonimmigrant. File Online Form Details I-566 | Interagency Record of Request - A, G or NATO Dependent Employment Authorization or Change/Adjustment to/from A, G or NATO Status Submit this form with your application for:
Dependent employment authorization as an eligible A-1, A-2, G-1, G-3, G-4, or NATO 1-6 dependent; or 
Change or adjustment of status to, or from, A, G or NATO status Form Details I-589 | Application for Asylum and for Withholding of Removal Use this form to apply for asylum in the United States and for withholding of removal (formerly called “withholding of deportation”). You may file for asylum if you are physically in the United States and you are not a U.S. citizen. Filing Instructions Tool Form Details I-600 | Petition to Classify Orphan as an Immediate Relative U.S. citizens use this form to request that USCIS classify an orphan as an immediate relative. The U.S. citizen adoptive parent or legal custodian files the petition to finalize the immigration process of a child who is not habitually resident in a Hague Convention country. Form Details I-600A | Application for Advance Processing of an Orphan Petition U.S. citizens who plan to adopt a foreign-born child use this form to allow USCIS to adjudicate the application that relates to the suitability and eligibility of the applicant(s) as prospective adoptive parent(s). Form Details I-601 | Application for Waiver of Grounds of Inadmissibility If you are inadmissible to the United States and are seeking an immigrant visa, adjustment of status, certain nonimmigrant statuses, or certain other immigration benefits, you must file this form to seek a waiver of certain grounds of inadmissibility. Form Details I-601A | Application for Provisional Unlawful Presence Waiver Certain immigrant visa applicants who are relatives of U.S. citizens or lawful permanent residents may use this application to request a provisional waiver of the unlawful presence grounds of inadmissibility under Immigration and Nationality Act section 212 (a)(9)(B) before departing the United States to appear at a U.S. Embassy or Consulate for an immigrant visa interview. Form Details I-602 | Application by Refugee for Waiver of Inadmissibility Grounds Use this form if you are a refugee who has been found inadmissible to the United States for reasons such as felony conviction or health conditions and you want to apply for a waiver of inadmissibility for humanitarian reasons, family unity, or national interest. Form Details I-612 | Application for Waiver of the Foreign Residence Requirement (under Section 212(e) of the Immigration and Nationality Act, as Amended) Exchange Visitors (J-1)  may file this application to apply for a waiver of the two-year foreign residence requirement of INA Section 212(e). Form Details I-687 | Application for Status as a Temporary Resident Under Section 245A of the Immigration and Nationality Act For use during the Immigration and Nationality Act (INA) Section 245A legalization program of the 1986 Immigration Reform and Control Act, which ended in 1988. The form is now used to apply to USCIS for benefits under the terms and conditions of certain settlement agreements. Form Details I-690 | Application for Waiver of Grounds of Inadmissibility Under Sections 245A or 210 of the Immigration and Nationality Act Use this form to apply for a waiver of inadmissibility if you are an applicant for adjustment of status under section 245A or 210 of the Immigration and Nationality Act. Form Details I-693 | Report of Immigration Medical Examination and Vaccination Record If you are applying for adjustment status to become a lawful permanent resident, use this form to establish that you are not inadmissible to the United States on public health grounds. Form Details I-694 | Notice of Appeal of Decision Under Sections 210 or 245A of the Immigration and Nationality Act Use this form to notify USCIS that an alien who was denied permanent residence, temporary residence or a waiver of grounds of inadmissibility under the amnesty program provisions of the Immigration Reform and Control Act of 1986 (IRCA) is appealing the decision to the USCIS Administrative Appeals Office. Form Details I-698 | Application to Adjust Status from Temporary to Permanent Resident (Under Section 245A of the INA) Use this form to apply for adjustment to permanent resident status under the amnesty program provisions of the Immigration Reform and Control Act of 1986 (IRCA). Form Details I-730 | Refugee/Asylee Relative Petition If you are a principal refugee admitted to the United States within the past 2 years or a principal asylee who was granted asylum within the past 2 years, you (the petitioner) may use this form to request that your spouse and unmarried children under 21 years of age (the beneficiaries) join you in the United States. Form Details I-751 | Petition to Remove Conditions on Residence Use this form if you are a conditional permanent resident who obtained status through marriage and want to apply to remove the conditions on your permanent resident status. Form Details I-765 | Application for Employment Authorization Certain aliens aliens who are in the United States may file Form I-765, Application for Employment Authorization, to request employment authorization and an Employment Authorization Document (EAD). Other aliens aliens whose immigration status authorizes them to work in the United States without restrictions may also use Form I-765 to apply to U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services (USCIS) for an EAD that shows such authorization. File Online Form Details I-765V | Application for Employment Authorization for Abused Nonimmigrant Spouse Certain abused nonimmigrant spouses may use Form I-765V to request an employment authorization document (EAD). Form Details I-800 | Petition to Classify Convention Adoptee as an Immediate Relative Use this form to determine the child's eligibility for classification as a Convention adoptee. Form Details I-800A | Application for Determination of Suitability to Adopt a Child from a Convention Country USCIS uses this form to adjudicate the eligibility and suitability of the applicant(s) who want to adopt a child who is habitually resident in a Hague Adoption Convention country. Form Details I-817 | Application for Family Unity Benefits Use this form to request initial benefits under the Family Unity Program, or to request an extension of such benefits. Form Details I-821 | Application for Temporary Protected Status If you believe you are an eligible national of a designated country or a person without nationality who last habitually resided in the designated country, use this form to apply for Temporary Protected Status (TPS). File Online Form Details I-821D | Consideration of Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals Use this form to request that we consider a renewal of your deferred action status on a case-by-case basis. File Online Form Details I-824 | Application for Action on an Approved Application or Petition Use this form to request additional action on a previously approved application or petition. Form Details I-829 | Petition by Investor to Remove Conditions on Permanent Resident Status Use this form if you are a conditional permanent resident who obtained status through entrepreneurship and want to remove the conditions on your residence. Form Details I-854 | Inter-Agency Alien Witness and Informant Record Law enforcement agencies use Form I-854A to request an alien witness and/or informant receive classification as an S nonimmigrant. Form Details I-864 | Affidavit of Support Under Section 213A of the INA Most family-based immigrants and some employment-based immigrants use this form to show they have adequate means of financial support and are not likely to rely on the U.S. government for financial support. Form Details I-864A | Contract Between Sponsor and Household Member Use this form if you are a household member and want to promise to make your income and/or assets available to help support sponsored immigrants. Form Details I-864EZ | Affidavit of Support Under Section 213A of the INA Use this form to show that the applying immigrant has adequate means of financial support and is not likely to rely on the U.S. government for financial support. Form Details I-864P | 2025 HHS Poverty Guidelines for Affidavit of Support Use the HHS Poverty Guidelines to complete Form I-864, Affidavit of Support Under Section 213A of the INA. Form Details I-865 | Sponsor's Notice of Change of Address Use this form to report a sponsor's new address and/or residence Form Details I-881 | Application for Suspension of Deportation or Special Rule Cancellation of Removal (Pursuant to Section 203 of Public Law 105-100 (NACARA)) Use this form if you are an alien who is eligible to apply for suspension of deportation or special rule cancellation of removal under the Nicaraguan Adjustment and Central American Relief Act (NACARA). Form Details I-905 | Application for Authorization to Issue Certification for Health Care Workers Use this form if you work with an organization and want to apply for authorization to issue certificates to health care workers. Form Details I-907 | Request for Premium Processing Service Use this form to request faster processing of Form I-129, Petition for a Nonimmigrant Worker, Form I-140, Immigrant Petition for Alien Workers, and certain classifications of Form I-765, Application for Employment Authorization. File Online Form Details I-910 | Application for Civil Surgeon Designation Use this form to apply for civil surgeon designation. You do not need to apply for civil surgeon designation if you fall under the limited blanket designations for military physicians and state and local health departments. Form Details I-912 | Request for Fee Waiver Use this form to request a fee waiver (or submit a written request) for certain immigration forms and services based on a demonstrated inability to pay. File Online Form Details I-914 | Application for T Nonimmigrant Status Use this form to request temporary immigration benefits if you are a victim of a severe form of trafficking in persons, also known as human trafficking. Form Details I-918 | Petition for U Nonimmigrant Status If you are an alien and are a victim of a qualifying criminal activity, use this form to petition for temporary immigration benefits for yourself and your qualifying family members, as appropriate. Form Details I-929 | Petition for Qualifying Family Member of a U-1 Nonimmigrant Use this form to request immigration benefits on behalf of a family member who never held U nonimmigrant status. Form Details I-941 | Application for Entrepreneur Parole Use this form if you are an entrepreneur and want to: Make an initial request for parole based upon significant public benefit; Make a subsequent request for parole for an additional period; or File an amended application to notify USCIS of a material change. Form Details I-945 | Public Charge Bond If we determine that an applicant is inadmissible based on the public charge ground, but is otherwise admissible, the applicant may be admitted in the discretion of the secretary of homeland security after posting a suitable and proper bond. Before an applicant may post a public charge bond (on Form I-945), we must invite them to do so. The public charge bond is posted as security for performance and fulfillment of the financial obligations of a bonded alien to the U.S. government. Form Details I-956 | Application for Regional Center Designation Use Form I-956 to request U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services (USCIS) designation as a regional center under Immigration and Nationality Act (INA) section 203(b)(5)(E), or to request an amendment to an approved regional center designated under INA 203(b)(5)(E). Form Details I-956F | Application for Approval of an Investment in a Commercial Enterprise A designated regional center uses this form to request approval of each particular investment offering through an associated new commercial enterprise. Form Details I-956G | Regional Center Annual Statement Designated regional centers use this form to provide required information, certifications and evidence to support their continued eligibility for regional center designation. Form Details I-956H | Bona Fides of Persons Involved with Regional Center Program Each person involved with a regional center, new commercial enterprise, or affiliated job-creating entity must complete and submit Form I-956H, Bona Fides of Persons Involved with Regional Center Program and the biometric services fee as a distinct filing along with Form I-956, Application for Regional Center Designation, Form I-956F, Application for Approval of Investment in a New Commercial Enterprise, or when persons must otherwise attest to their compliance with section 203(b)(5)(H) of the Immigration and Nationality Act. Form Details I-956K | Registration for Direct and Third-Party Promoters Each person acting as a direct or third-party promoter (including migration agents) of the following must complete Form I-956K: A regional center; Any new commercial enterprises; An affiliated job-creating entity; or An issuer of securities intended to be offered to immigrant investors in connection with a particular capital investment project. Form Details N-300 | Application to File Declaration of Intention Use this form if you are a permanent resident and want to declare your intent to become a U.S. citizen. Form Details N-336 | Request for a Hearing on a Decision in Naturalization Proceedings (Under Section 336 of the INA) Use this form to request a hearing before an immigration officer on the denial of your Form N-400, Application for Naturalization. File Online Form Details N-400 | Application for Naturalization Use this form to apply for U.S. citizenship. File Online Form Details N-426 | Request for Certification of Military or Naval Service This form is used by an applicant for naturalization to request that the Department of Defense verify the applicant's military or naval service. Form Details N-470 | Application to Preserve Residence for Naturalization Purposes Use this form if you are a lawful permanent resident who must leave the United States for a period of one year or longer to engage in qualifying employment and you want to preserve your residence to pursue naturalization. Form Details N-565 | Application for Replacement Naturalization/Citizenship Document Use this form to apply for a replacement Declaration of Intention; Naturalization Certificate; Certificate of Citizenship; or Repatriation Certificate; or to apply for a special certificate of naturalization as a U.S. citizen to be recognized by a foreign country. File Online Form Details N-600 | Application for Certificate of Citizenship Use this form to apply for a Certificate of Citizenship. File Online Form Details N-600K | Application for Citizenship and Issuance of Certificate Under Section 322 Children who regularly reside in a foreign country may use this form to claim U.S. citizenship based on their parents. File Online Form Details N-644 | Application for Posthumous Citizenship The certificate establishes only that the person is considered to be a citizen of the United States as of the date of his/her death, and is invalid for all other purposes. Form Details N-648 | Medical Certification for Disability Exceptions Use this form if you are applying for U.S. citizenship and need to request an exception to the English and civics testing requirements for naturalization because of physical or developmental disability or mental impairment. Form Details 1 - 102 of 102 total rows Was this page helpful? Yes No This page was not helpful because the content: Select a reason has too little information has too much information is confusing is out of date other How can the content be improved? 0 / 2000 To protect your privacy, please do not include any personal information in your feedback. Review our Privacy Policy . Return to top Topics Forms Newsroom Citizenship Green Card Laws Tools Contact USCIS Agency description USCIS.gov An official website of the U.S. Department of Homeland Security Important links About USCIS Accessibility Budget and Performance DHS Components Freedom of Information Act No FEAR Act Data Privacy and Legal Disclaimers Site Map Office of the Inspector General The White House USA.gov Looking for U.S. government information and services? Visit USA.gov